war in Gaza has forever changed the
lives of more than 2.3 million
Palestinians among them are tens of
thousand of children affected by
conflict they have endured unspeakable
loss forced into a life that has become
unrecognizable reports show more than
15,000 minors have been killed in the
war an estimated 177,000 have lost
parents or are separated from them cases
have become so common hospitals have
coined a new acronym w c NSF which
stands for wounded child no surviving
family these two children are orphans
they now live in a temp cared for by a
woman and her 12-year-old son Isam who
is dealing with his own set of losses
his father and two older brothers were
killed in an Israeli air
strike I'm traumatized my father was
killed two weeks later the home of my
brother-in-law was shelled his wife was
killed their little baby fell from the
second floor many of these children live
in constant fear fear of more Israeli
attacks of losing more family members
and of being forcely displaced yet again
this crisis has also an impact on their
mental health many of these children do
not know where their parents are some
were detained by the Israeli military
while being forcibly pushed out of from
northern Gaza 9-year-old merera hasn't
heard from her father in days it's
we fled to the South and ran for our
lives we were living in fear on our way
here we saw dead bodies all over the
road we walked long distances Barefoot
the Israelis said the area was safe but
it's not true wherever we go there are
attacks one out of every six of children
is acutely malnourished living in
devastating conditions with limited
water and food is there a new normal
going to school is now a distant memory
a luxury that is no longer
accessible e celebrations are
approaching we have no way or means to
celebrate the war has deprived us from
school toys and every joy in life the
burden of war is heavy but Palestinians
and children here say they have no other
option but to carry it day in and day
out Han Mahmud Al jazer from Central
Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer